# hello-world
Repository for all the coding files I will be creating over and beyond the bootcamp course in London
Hello, my name is Cornel.  I am applying for the bootcamp in London starting in February 2017.  This will be a change in career for me to become a full time professional programmer. I did some programming in C and C++ at university a long time ago and have even developed some very rudimentary web pages using HTML, in the days before javascript and CSS.  My intention is to relearn what I knew then and to learn as much as possible and as fast a possible by taking advantage of the availabale trainers and other resources that are being made available for this learning process.  I think that Founders and coders is a great idea and are doing great things in the community and that the online help which can be gained by visiting sites such as FreeCodeCamp is absolutely fantastic.  my intention is to become an expert in doing what I love and programming is that subject.  Codewars is also another excellent website which is critical to my development as a web programmer and where I can interact with other web developers at varying stages of development which will support my endeavor to become a better web developer through the process of challenges.  Learning while having fun is a great way to indulge one's interest while being in the company of people of similar interests.

I also spent three months in 2000 working as a virtual reality programmer in C++ and feel that this background should strenghtn my application.  My interest in programming is very deep and I am frustrated because I do not know as much about programming as I would like to do.  I would love to be able to design my own webpages and to be able to use Javascript to do some of the cool and clever things which are now possible on the web.  i have a degree in Electronic communication and a Masters in data telecoms and networking but feel there is something missing because web technologies are the present and the future and i want to be a participant, not the observer that I am now.  

